# CS255
The client for the project is DriverPass, the company wants to offer services to users where they can take online classes, practice tests, and also provide on-the-road training with the company cars and instructors, 3 packages that the users can select offer different sets of services. The users can schedule on-the-road training online or through phone calls. The company has various types of employees that have different tasks and access to the system. The package can be turned off and on through the company administration. 
With prior experience in creating UML use cases and class diagrams has helped me in creating detailed diagrams. I closely inspected the script between the client and the developer to make sure I included all the details that the client mentioned and comes up with other system requirements that could be required.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
If I could choose one part of my work on the documents to revise it would be my activity diagrams by adding more details to the activity process, for example on my login activity I could separate the "verify username and password" into two different steps, and add an option for the user to change their password and record log-in attempts, date and time, IP address, and description to the database which lead to a different set of actions. 
I closely inspected the conversation between the clients and the developers, highlighted information that the client mentioned regarded to the website, and then visualized materials that would be required to meet the client's expectations. The material is software, hardware, documents, tools, fractures, people, actions, and more. I often revisit the interviews to make sure I have all the details listed to meet the client's demands by doing so the documents can have as many details listed, it is also important to carry on the details to different parts of the system developments so they will not be overlooked. It's important to consider the client's needs when designing the system because the client's understanding of their business is often better than the system developers, staying to consider the user needs also helps developers stay on track which helps the workflows and minimized inefficiency. 
The approach to designing software would be top-down, first I gather all the information from the clients, specifically the main objectives, and the website's main focus then gets more details to regard the objectives. The next step would be to create a work list which is the Gantt chart that helps organize the task and responsibilities of the team. Creates diagrams for the software and I like to start with the use case diagram which gives me a clear view of the objective and user interaction then class diagram with more details is included. As for coding the system, I like to start bottom up, working with one block of source codes and merging the codes as more are developed. In the future, I like to create a wider range of activity diagrams and sequence diagrams for all of the use cases that will be listed. They are helpful in terms of explaining the system and user interaction. 
